Add 1D models of the solar chromosphere to SunPy (#8068)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/8068.feature.rst

> Added support for 1D solar chromosphere models in `sunpy.sun.models`, allowing to easily load and analyze atmospheric structures

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support loading atmosphere models in `sunpy.sun.models`, for now only:cite:t:`avrett_loeser_2008`.
```
